{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red39\green40\blue50;\red156\green155\blue176;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red153\green72\blue255;\red184\green184\blue200;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20392\c20784\c25490;\cssrgb\c67451\c67451\c74510;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c67059\c40784\c100000;\cssrgb\c77255\c77255\c82353;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 thanks can you come up with a mnemonic song that goes over the most useful ones and describes their functions (what they do or when to use them)?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 ChatGPT\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 Sure, let's use the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" for our song. To make the song manageable, I will focus on some of the most commonly used methods:\cb1 \
\cb8 (Verse 1)\
"Split and join, manipulate strings,\
Remove, append, make lists sing.\
Dictionaries have get and keys,\
Python coding is a breeze.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Chorus)\
Python methods, how you shine,\
Make coding easier, line by line.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Verse 2)\
Count occurrences, find an index,\
Python functions are no hex.\
In our files, we read and write,\
Coding well into the night.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Chorus)\
Python methods, oh so bright,\
Help us code with all our might.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Verse 3)\
Pop and insert, lists obey,\
Update, clear, dicts hold sway.\
Set's add, discard, union too,\
Python's tools are tried and true.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Chorus)\
Python methods, in our sight,\
Turn the complex into light.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Verse 4)\
Use the len for counting length,\
Type and id show object strength.\
Print to console, input read,\
Python's power, widely spread.\cb1 \
\cb8 (Chorus)\
Python methods, pure delight,\
Guiding us from morn to night."\cb1 \
}